mDNS requires HA to be on same network as devices (#13245)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/discovery.markdown

## Troubleshooting

### mDNS and UPnP

Home Assistant must be on the same network as the devices for UPnP discovery to work.

> When running Home Assistant in a [Docker container](/docs/installation/docker/) comand line option `--net=host` or the compose file equivalent `network_mode: host` must be used to put it on the host's network, otherwise mDNS and UPnP will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Home Assistant Core in a [Docker container](/docs/installation/docker/) command line option `--net=host` or the compose file equivalent `network_mode: host` must be used to put it on the host's network, otherwise mDNS and UPnP will not work.
```
